Overflow Notifier DefinitionIntroductionThe remodeled kitchen is to far away from the septic tank for a gravity fed system. Therefore a sump pump will be used to pump water from the kitchen to the septic tank. However if the pump ever breaks down there needs to be a way to signal that to people. Red Text: Conventions A To-Be-Determined requirement. [ ... ]: Future Feature. Color et by the Identifier element typeProduct Characteristics•	Weight: <1/2lb•	Height (X):  1/2in•	Length (Y): 1in•	Width (Z):  1in•	Product Life Time Target: 30 years•	Outdoor Operating Temperature:  ??•	Indoor Operating Temperature: ??•	Added to complete systemDevice: SensorPump Failure DetectorCharacteristics•	  Will use the overflow outlet as a sense point•	  Min flow to be detected: sink faucet at full flow•	  Must survive freezing temperature for up to a weekDevice: NotifierFeature ListLight IndicatorCharacteristics•	Initial indicator•	Highly reliable•	Color: Red•	Easy to seeBuzzer Characteristics•	Secondary Indicator•	NoticableReset ButtonCharacteristics•	SPST•	Externally accusable •	Same size as the lightProcessing Characteristics•	Handles logic to turn on the light and buzzerPower Brick Characteristics•	British standard•	Provides power to the Notifier and Sensor•	Internal power supplyInterface ListSensor <--> Notifier Characteristics•	  DC On/Off signal•	  Provides Power to the sensor   Mechanical•	Waterproof for outside components•	Label Reset Button with “Reset” •	Indoor needs to paintable•	Wall mountedBehavior DefinitionProcessesNotificationBehavior•	  Immediate notification is not needed•	  Blinking Rate: 2Hz•	  After a time out secondary signal should soundSecondary Indicator TimerBehavior•	  This timer turns on when over flow is detected. When it times out the secondary indicator turn on.  Product States•	  NORMAL•	  ALERT•	  SECONDARY ALERT  Detailed BehaviorInitial State: NORMALPump Failure is detected1.	 Turn on Light Indicator2.	 Start Secondary Indicator Timer3.	 Go to ALERT StateInitial State: ALERTReset Button is pressed1.	 Turn off Light Indicator2.	Go to NORMAL StateSecondary Indicator Timer times out1.	 Turn on Buzzer2.	 Go to SECONDARY ALERTInitial State: SECONDARY ALERTReset Button is pressed1.	 Turn off Light Indicator2.	 Turn off Buzzer3.	 got to NORMAL StateUse Case User sees indicator or buzzer 